# Internal Meeting:
_________________________

Date: 11/14/2021

Time: 3pm to 4:00pm

Topic: Checkpoint #1

Type: Zoom

MM Author: Misha

Participants: 
Hanran Yang, Ziheng Huang, Misha Reswick, Manshi Yang, Robert Jiang, 
Laurence D'Ercole, Alex Nguyen, Jon Tran, Kaiwen Tsou, Britney Vi, Faris Ashai

Agenda:
1. Review progress by subteams for sprint #1 so far.
2. Agile retrospective for sprint #1 ("think, group, vote, discuss, wrap up").

Completed:
1. Harry and Fred: functions for storing data.
2. Settled on using spoonacular as an api, and paying the $10.
3. Misha and Laurence: recipe page and expanding in progress.
4. Jon and Manshi: finished second design of UI: includes recipe page,
potential changes/options while hovering over recipe image and/or description,
home page.
5. Documentation needed in wiki page.
6. Faris and Alex: skeleton for saved recipe page; linting.
7. Robert: helpful api helper functions, and also sample json format.
8. Britney and Kaiwen: pipeline.
9. Highest voted from agile retrospective: 
"reply in thread for slack if the answer is directed towards
a certain message; defining tasks ahead of time and putting them in the backlog to make sure that
everyone will have somethign to work on once they finish a task."


Incomplete:
1. Misha and Laurence: recipe page to display.
2. Faris and Alex: saved recipe page in progress.
3. Testing for api helper functions.
4. Need to continue work on recipe page and recipe cards.
_________________________
